I ordered with aliexpress friend parking sensors
with four sensors and with a display for 15
$ 38 well, about 500 rubles
500 rubles cheaper than our time
passing 30 days let's see
what's inside
bundling weird why why without
the boxes you see that everything is in the package
the control unit itself we have the power cord in
complete do not know 4 sensor white car
white so white order transmitter
the display on which is shown
distance to an object like this
looks at the numbers show and display
that we still have to have a frame with
a drill of 22 millimeters probably here
look at the package in oil so
it looks like the sensors get out the bumper
feeding hole double-sided tape
control unit itself
one double sided tape and what
attach the syndication screen last
the instruction is written it connects everything
on English shemka some how
set everything right
interesting this seller to a lot
colors
so I ordered it on quickly began for
two days everything came qualitatively as I see
Scratch well, the link below the video itself
seller's shop if you want to order
order thank you for attention goodbye